feat(lanelet2_extension): add RightOfWay checker (#114)
autowarefoundation/autoware_common: tmp/lanelet2_extension/docs/lanelet2_format_extension.md

</relation>
```

> ### RightOfWay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Right of Way
```

> Users must add `RightOfWay` tag to intersection lanes, namely lanes with `turn_direction` attribute. Below image illustrates how to set yield lanes(orange) for the ego lane(blue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users must add `right_of_way` tag to intersection lanes, namely lanes with `turn_direction` attribute. Below image illustrates how to set yield lanes(orange) for the ego lane(blue).
```
